controller: Proactively disconnect node based on heartbeat (#911)
engelmi/hirte: doc/man/bluechi-controller.conf.5.md

in the list can connect to `bluechi-controller'. These names are defined in the agent's configuration file under `NodeName`
option (see `bluechi-agent.conf(5)`).

#### **HeartbeatInterval** (long)

> The interval to periodically check node's connectivity based on heartbeat signals sent to bluechi, in milliseconds.

Reviewer: I think it would be good to mention here that a value of `0` disables the periodic check:
```suggestion
The interval to periodically check node's connectivity based on heartbeat signals sent to bluechi, in milliseconds. A value of 0 disables it. 
```

Not part of this PR, but this should be added to the description of the [Agents Heartbeat](https://github.com/eclipse-bluechi/bluechi/blob/main/config/agent/agent.conf#L29) as well.

Author: done

Reviewer: Thanks!

#### **NodeHeartbeatThreshold** (long)

> The threshold in milliseconds to determine whether a node is disconnected. If the node's last heartbeat signal was received before this threshold, bluechi treats that the node has been disconnected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The threshold in milliseconds to determine whether a node is disconnected. If the node's last heartbeat signal was received before this threshold, bluechi assumes that the node is down or the connection was cut off and performs a disconnect.
```

Author: done
